# Privacy Policy

## Introduction
Deeper Wire built the GPSLogger app as a patch of Mendhak/GPSLogger. Mendhak/GPSLogger is an Open Source application. This patch is a try to add sensors information from the device to the coordinates logged by the application. This SERVICE is provided by Deeper Wire at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. We do not collect Personal Information.

## Information Collection and Use
We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information as the purpose of this application is to remove as many trackers as possible. We encourage all users to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

## Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us with github issue.

## Licenses
The code is licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License version 2.

## Notices
Mendhak/GPSLogger source code is available at https://github.com/mendhak/gpslogger

This policy is effective as of 2024-05-03
This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
